---
title: Training
layout: main-2012
show_twitter: false
tab: training
---

**In association with Scalathon, two sponsors are providing Scala training.**

## Fast Track to Scala, by Chariot Solutions

This two-day course, designed by Martin Odersky, the creator of the Scala
programming language, and Heiko Seeberger, a recognized Scala expert, will give
you an excellent grounding in Scala.  It is intended to enable developers or
development managers, who are experienced programmers in Java or other
production languages like C++, C# or Ruby, to confidently start programming in
Scala. No previous knowledge of Scala is assumed. Although intense, the course
ensures you will have a solid understanding of the fundamentals of the
language, the tooling and the development process as well as a good
appreciation of the more advanced features. If you already have Scala
programming experience, then this course could be a useful refresher.

For more information, including how to register, see
[the Chariot Solutions course page](http://chariotsolutions.com/training_events/fast-track-to-scala-2012-07-19).

**Scalathon attendees get a $300.00 registration discount.**

## Typesafe Scala Training

### FAST TRACK TO AKKA

This two-day course, designed by Philipp Haller, a long-term member of the
Scala team and recognized concurrency expert, is what you need to get started
building powerful concurrent applications with the Akka event-driven middleware
framework.  It is intended for developers who want to learn how to apply the
tools and services provided by the Akka framework and runtime to build high-
performance, fault-tolerant systems that scale.  Part of the course are hands-
on exercises in which you will build real Akka applications.  Code examples and
exercises will be written in Scala, so previous experience with Scala is
required.

### FAST TRACK TO PLAY

This one-day course, designed by Fredrik Ekholdt, a Scala and web application
expert, and Peter Hausel, one of the main Play committers, is what you need to
quick start web application development with Play 2.0.  It is intended to
enable developers who want to consolidate their Scala skills and learn about
this great web framework.  The course will center around a web application that
you will build from the ground up using Play 2.0.  Code examples and exercises
will be written in Scala, so previous experience with Scala is required.
Experience with HTML and JavaScript is also a prerequisite.
